Rename Token V2 to Digital Asset (DA) (#9730)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/standards/digital-asset.md

Royalty can also be set directly on a token if it has a different royalty config than the collection's.

## Token lifecycle

> All Digital Asset modules are deployed at `0x4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Digital Asset modules are deployed at the address `0x4`.
```

Maybe this? Or "reserved framework address" or something. Just to be a little clearer, some people might not know we have framework modules here and `0x4` doesn't look like an address to someone new

Author: Good point. Let's go with "reserved framework address".

the refs obtained from creating the collection and token objects and do not expose raw access to them.

If a creator wants more custom functionalities such as being able to forcefully transfer a soul bound token, they would
need to write their own custom module that builds on top of the base Aptos Digital Asset Standard. They can of course borrow inspiration
and code from the Aptos Token module.

## Fungible Token
Similar to [EIP-1155](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155), the Aptos Digital Asset Standard also supports fungible tokens
(also known as semi-fungible tokens). An example of this would be armor tokens in a game. Each armor token represents a
type of armor and is a token in a collection with metadata (e.g. durability, defense, etc.) and can be minted and burned.
However, there are multiple instances of the same armor type. For example, a player can have 3 wooden armors, where wooden armor
is a token in the Armor collection.

> This can be easily built by combining Digital Asset (DA) and Fungible Asset (FA) to create Digital and Fungible Asset (DFA). After the creator creates the Armor collection and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be easily built by creating an asset that is both a Digital Asset (DA) and a Fungible Asset (FA), resulting in a Digital and Fungible Asset (DFA). After the creator creates the Armor collection and the
```

Clarifying a bit here, it's a bit awkward otherwise. Don't mean to nit, just think it could read a little smoother
